update kind to kubernetes-1.25 and mark Kubernetes-1.25 supported (#1726)
hashicorp/consul-k8s: CHANGELOG.md

## UNRELEASED

BREAKING CHANGES:
* Helm:

>   * Kubernetes-1.25 is now supported with the caveat that `global.enablePodSecurityPolicies` is not supported since PodSecurityPolicies have been removed from Kubernetes-1.25. Full support for PodSecurityStandards will be added in a follow-on commit. [[GH-1726](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1726)]

Reviewer: very minor:

```suggestion
  * Kubernetes-1.25 is now supported with the caveat that `global.enablePodSecurityPolicies` is not supported since PodSecurityPolicies have been removed in favor of PodSecurityStandards in Kubernetes-1.25. Full support for PodSecurityStandards will be added in a follow-on commit. [[GH-1726](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1726)]
```
